And then we can see it on the TV!
Hold still Annie. Will you hold still?
Have you ever had one of those epiphanic
moments?
This intuitive thing hits you and, you know,
you must pursue it till the end.
Mine was here at a hot dog stand on a
lollipop.
Yes, a lollipop.
This would become the first picture in my
collection in a film about images.
Hey, welcome to 1288 Dolen Drive,
Memphis, Tennessee.
I have a lot of Elvis fans that come here.
Some of the photographs
I have are quite rare.
That's the famous picture for here at
Ansonia, me shaking the pope's hand, and I
think this is one of the cutest things.
The pope is a Polish boy.
This is more or less taken over my life in
the sense I seem to be doing it 18 hours a
day almost. It's just when I sleep, I'm not
thinking about it.
Many times you see these images, you see a
much bigger smile than people would normally have.
It's like your own family has died.
It's like God himself has died.
Everything comes from the loneliness.
All human beings have a big hole in the soul,
and then you felt alone, you look for
something to fill it.
Are you satisfied with the image you've established?
Well, the image is one thing and
a human being is another.